Let filter=todo not return results with statuses Claimed,TempFail (#39)
samply/beam: README.md

- `filter` (optional): Fetch only tasks fulfilling the specified filter criterion. Generic queries are not yet implemented, but the following "convenience filters" reflecting common use cases exist:
  - `filter=todo`: Matches unfinished tasks to be worked on by the asking client. Is a combination of:
    - `to` contains me and

>     - `results` do not contain a result from me (results with `status` in `claimed,tempfail` are ignored).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `results` do not contain a result from me (except results with `status` values of `claimed,tempfail`, to allow resuming those tasks).
```
